Week 1: Determined the format of the first experiment to be conducted, this includes some of the factors such as ratio of oil to methanol, temperature, time for the reaction to take place. Carry out literature review on ANN and RSM and accumulated all the necessary resources. The other important step is to establish deadlines for each phase to be accomplished. 
 
 Week 2: Tested attempted several experiments this week to try out different methanol ratios and took a record of the experiment. Trained ANN model using the first set of biodiesel yield data and examined first trends observed on the results. 
 
 Week 3: Fine-tuned all the experimental conditions with a greater level of precision. Began using response surface methodology (RSM) in the data analysis process. Further trained the ANN model with more data point from experiments. 
 
 Fourth week: Confirmatory analysis and comparison of Ann with experimental yield for biodiesel production. Got stable results with conformity to specific proportion of oil in methanol. Recorded the outcomes and kept for preparation of final enhancing. 
 
 Week 5: Optimized the definite range by RSM and the accuracy of result was checked by ANN. After preparing the experimental results for the next phase, I have realized that the model is to be validated for technical commercial applicability. 
 
 Week 6: Called for enhancement of model result prediction through inclusion of more independent variables into the ANN model. Summarized and tested all the second-order interactions of all the main variables as well as analyzed the results of the study. 
 
 Week 7: Started the thesis writing and it involved methodology and result’s part of the thesis. Contacted other potential users to know their perception about the design of the interface and their work flow. Integrated into the final product feedback that was given to me by the participants. 
 
 Week 8: Finalized the analysis of the ANN model and working flow for presenting in front of public and for submission. Collected the rest of the users’ feedbacks and started to polish up the layout of the interface. 
 Week 9: Use a new data set to test the obtained ANN model and write a report of the accuracy and reliability of the model’s predictions. Start incorporating the users’ feedback into the creation of the new interface. 
 
 Week 10: Mainly, there should be a focus on creating an even better user interface using feedback, and improve all the buttons, controls etc. Make more experiment to verify the given theory. 
 
 Week 11: Write the remained parts of the thesis, namely the discussion and conclusion. Synthesize the economic and environmental opportunity of the solution and contemplate for creating final presentation. 
 
 Week 12: This is the week of finalization of all the issues regarding the project like finalizing the interface to be designed, the results and outcomes of the experiments, and the thesis statement. Finalize theoretical and/or practical documentation in preparation for the project defense of the public presentation. 


 Patent Applicability of the Project
Yes, I believe that my project on the biodiesel production can be patented; because it implemented with the use of  (ANN) as well as  (RSM). below are my reasons for the patents  : 
 
 Innovative Use of Hybrid Models: my  work applies an integration of ANN and RSM, which is relatively unexplored in the case of biodiesel production improvement. ANN and RSM are popular in the synthesis procedure, but the combination of both for enhancing the yield efficiency with respect to oil-to-methanol ratio, temperature, and reaction time has not been reported with biodiesel production system. 
 
 Scalability and Industrial Application: The method has commercial applicability especially in biodiesel industry. It helps to minimize the expenses linked with experiments and the time which is required for production, which makes it quite useful for companies that use large volumes of materials for biodiesel production. This is especially beneficial to this, since it has what may be termed as practical or industrial application. 
 
 Environmental and Economic Impact: The idea has sustainability since it will use waste cooking oil and environmental issues. It is for this reason that innovations responding to real life challenges such as disposal of waste and generation of clean energy have a good argument to be patented.
